docs(how-tos): mount volume information (#125)
scaleway/docs-content: storage/block/how-to/increase-block-volume.mdx

</Message>

> ## How to increast the volume size from the Scaleway console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to increase the volume size from the Scaleway console
```

1. Click the **Volumes** tab on the Instance information page of the console. A list of your volumes displays.

> 2. Click <Icon name="more" /> beside the volume you wish to increase and then on **Increase Volume**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click <Icon name="more" /> beside the volume you wish to increase and then click **Increase Volume**.
```

 
  </Message>

> ## How to increase the parition size of the volume

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to increase the partition size of the volume
```

<Message type="tip">

> It is recommeneded to make a backup of your data using the [Snapshot](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/compute/instances/how-to/create-a-snapshot/) feature, before increasing the partition size of your volume to avoid any data loss. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommeneded to make a backup of your data using the [Snapshot](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/compute/instances/how-to/create-a-snapshot/) feature, before increasing the partition size of your volume. This helps to avoid any data loss. 
```

</Message>

1. Connect to your Instance using [SSH](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/compute/instances/how-to/connect-to-instance/)

> 2. Use `lsblk` to identifiy your Block Storage volume by its mount point. In the following example the volume is mounted at `/mnt/block-volume`: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the `lsblk` command to identify your Block Storage volume's mount point. In the following example the volume is mounted at `/mnt/block-volume`: 
```

  ```
  root@scw-elegant-franklin:~# lsblk
  NAME    MAJ:MIN RM  SIZE RO TYPE MOUNTPOINT
  loop0     7:0    0 55.4M  1 loop /snap/core18/2128
  loop1     7:1    0 70.3M  1 loop /snap/lxd/21029
  loop2     7:2    0 32.3M  1 loop /snap/snapd/12704
  sda       8:0    0   28G  0 disk /mnt/block-volume
  vda     252:0    0 18.6G  0 disk
  ├─vda1  252:1    0 18.5G  0 part /
  ├─vda14 252:14   0    4M  0 part

>   └─vda15 252:15   0  106M  0 part /boot/efi

Reviewer: Need closing ```

> 3. [Unmount](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/storage/block/how-to/unmount-a-volume/) the volum:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. [Unmount](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/storage/block/how-to/unmount-a-volume/) the volume:
```

  ```
  umount /mnt/block-volume
  ```

> 4. Check that the volume is not mounted any longer by running the `lsblk` command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Check that the volume is unmounted by running the `lsblk` command. 
```

5. Increase the partition size of the volume using `resize2fs`. Replace `/dev/sdX` with the name of your block volume in the following command:

  ```
  resize2fs /dev/sdX
  ```

6. Run `e2fsck` on the Block Storage volume to check that everything went well. Replace `/dev/sdX` with the name of your block volume in the following command:

  ```
  e2fsck /dev/sdX
  ```

>   An output like the following example displays. The status of your filesystem shall be `clean`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  An output like the following example displays. The status of your file system should be `clean`
```
